Chore: add missing titles (#290)
nodejs/package-maintenance: docs/drafts/PUBLISH-GUIDELINES.md

# Publishing packages

## What?

> This is guidelines for publishing packages to the npm registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are guidelines for publishing packages to the npm registry.
```
